# CTD

**Note**: This documentation is a bit out of date (e.g. class paths), but could still be useful.

This project contains the core AI of the data-driven hint generation process. The most important class here is the [SnapHintBuilder](../iSnap/src/edu/isnap/hint/SnapHintBuilder.java). It is used to construct a [HintGenerator](src/edu/isnap/ctd/hint/HintGenerator.java) from Snap data, using the SnapParser discussed earlier. This is done with the `buildGenerator` method. Additionally, the `main` method of SnapHintBuilder can be easily used to build a HintGenerator for a number of assignments, cache them, and copy them over to the HintServer for use with iSnap.

The HintGenerator itself is non-Snap-specific, and therefore uses a generic AST data-structure, called a [Node](src/edu/isnap/ctd/graph/Node,java). The node is just a basic tree node class, but it contains many convenience methods for searching through the tree. The HintGenerator deals constructing the data-structure behind hint generation, and its primary logic involved identifying when two Nodes match in consecutive snapshots. It builds up a [HintFactoryMap](../iSnap/src/edu/isnap/hint/HintFactoryMap.java) for each assignment attempt, and later combines them into a single map representing all attempts. This class contains the real logic behind the [CTD algorithm](http://www4.ncsu.edu/~twprice/website/files/EDM%202016.pdf). Unsurprisingly, it makes use of interaction networks and the HintFactory aglorithm, which are implemented in the [InteractionGraph](src/edu/isnap/ctd/graph/InteractionGraph.java) and [VectorGraph](src/edu/isnap/ctd/graph/vector/VectorGraph.java) classes.
